#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.10
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.8
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.1.0
    # via jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
bqplot==0.12.36
    # via -r requirements.in
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
contourpy==1.0.5
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
executing==1.1.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.37.4
    # via matplotlib
ipykernel==6.16.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.10.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.16.0
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.3.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.4
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.11.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.7.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.6.1
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.12
    # via jupyter
numpy==1.23.3
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtpy
pandas==1.5.0
    # via bqplot
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.2.0
    # via matplotlib
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.2
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.4
    # via pandas
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.3.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.2.1
    # via qtconsole
scikit-learn==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.5.1
    # via ipython
terminado==0.16.0
    # via notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.4.0
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via bqplot
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
